README for tcal_ev.tcl

tcal_ev is a program that can view or edit events. All events are stored in a SQLITE
database allowing for: start/end date-times, name, and description. tcal_ev is mainly
a frontend for the features used in tcalev_sql. It also uses tcal for the calendar
selector. Please see those tools for configuration.

Whilst tcal_ev allows mainly for editing/viewing, an additional funtion is search.
This allows finding events via starting prefix name or on its date.

The UI components are more-or-less self explanatory, but regardless:

Search:
A 'date' search is used by filling out the months, day(s), and year(s) portions.
How it works depends on which fields are filled.
Examples:
If year isn't filled out, date search doesn't work.
A year is required. While searching for events occuring in specific months
may be useful, it is not implemented (for now).

If no months are selected, the program will assume a month range of January to
December.

The day(s) and secondary year field behave strangely. If there aren't filled,
they will take first day of the month, last day of the month, and first year
field, respectively. (where month is selected in on the boxes)

Month selection may be appropriate to discuss at this point.
Simply, the program searches with an A-B datespan at a time. Months are seperated
by adjacency. 1-2-3 would act as one group and 5-6-7 as another. If 4 was selected
as well, then there would be a single group consisting of 1-2-3-4-5-6-7.
So in searching with 1-2-3 and 5-6-7, the program searches January to March and
then May to July; but with 1-2-3-4-5-6-7 it just searches January to July.

(bug: when using a secondary year, last datespan goes from first month of last group
 to December.)

A 'name' search is used by filling out the name field. That's all.
The name search functions as a prefix, that is, events starting with with what was
entered.

These searches can be used by the search menu.
An additional search by date can be used via the calendar.

Events:
Shows selection of events populated by search. The search is pretty dumb, it shows all
matching events: which mean it be may slow with lots of 'em. 
Items are grouped by year and month hierarchy.
The items themselves only show the date of month of the start date and the name.
Clicking on the item shows more detail in the Properties window.

Properties:
Properties is a sub-window showing the properties of the event.
It can also be used to create or delete events. (via the new / delete buttons)
This window show all details on the event. It is possible to pack properties
as a frame also. (not in default)
The UI elements has obvious function.
The date entries set the date in the month day year hour minutes format.
Attempting to save an event with invalid dates results in an error.
Deleting an event from this window will delete it from the database, but still
retains its details in the window.
New event de-selects the event, allowing save to create a new event entry. This
retains the previous event's details. 
Revert will read what last event was selected and get its details from the database.

Calender (calendar?? spelling??):
Calender uses tcal to make a calender selector. This allows searching by datespan
selected or entering the datespan selected into the properties window. (via
Search M/Y, Properties Date respectively)
It functions just like tcal.tcl with exception of the month/year setter and the
Mark events button. The Mark event button displays an asterisk on days with events.
The events used are the same as if one selected 'search all'.

